ANN MENDENHALL: Can
ANN MENDENHALL: I don't hear you.
ANN MENDENHALL: Let's see if your audio is off.
ANN MENDENHALL: Hand, can you hear me.
Say,
ANN MENDENHALL: Can I I'm King, you see on your screen. How to mute. A to unmute your audio. I cannot hear you.
Let's see.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, we might need some help here because I don't
ANN MENDENHALL: You have no audio.
ANN MENDENHALL: Would you nod your head yes or no. If you can hear me talking right now. Can you hear me.
ANN MENDENHALL: I don't hear you. I'm trying to see what the problem is here.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, there you go.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah. OK.
Ken Olsen: OK, I can hear you.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, I think the audio must have been muted there. So, okay, good. I hear you too perfect.
Ken Olsen: Though I actually did it. Okay. Yeah.
Good.
ANN MENDENHALL: We're good to go here. Okay.
Ken Olsen: My name.
ANN MENDENHALL: And Mendenhall. I'm not going to be your regular provider. But evidently Dr fig who is going to be your provider was not here on Monday.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, I'm just kind of filling in and doing the intake to see what we can do to help you.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Um, and right now. All I can see is the fan could
Ken Olsen: Talk.
ANN MENDENHALL: A little bit so I can see you. Yeah. Okay. Perfect. That's good.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so let me get into our note here.
ANN MENDENHALL: So why don't you give me a little bit of your history here, I understand you're here for alcohol.
ANN MENDENHALL: Is that correct,
Ken Olsen: Yeah, yeah. Um, you know, that's a start.
ANN MENDENHALL: But that's the start. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and let's start with the alcohol and then we can. Well, first of all, why don't you tell me what what else you're using and then we'll kind of go through them one by one.
Ken Olsen: It was just all that was it.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, okay. No, no. Opiates no benzodiazepines.
Ken Olsen: That history with that stuff as long time ago.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. All right. So in the last like week it's just been alcohol.
Ken Olsen: I haven't had a drink and since last it's almost Saturday. So it's been a week and a half.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, good for you. Wow.
Ken Olsen: I turned myself into.
Ken Olsen: Mostly San Juan. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, that's a good hospital.
ANN MENDENHALL: I used to work up in Grass Valley.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and so did you go into the ER there.
ANN MENDENHALL: Or did you do crisis stabilization or
Ken Olsen: Not, I don't think it was. I didn't go to the heart or no.
Okay.
Ken Olsen: I had a heart attack, by the way.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, when
Ken Olsen: Okay, here's this is why it's kind of strange.
Ken Olsen: Okay, I checked in on like a Monday for
Ken Olsen: For alcohol withdrawal. I mean, I wanted to quit drinking and
ANN MENDENHALL: It was just this past Monday or the Monday. Monday before probably
Ken Olsen: Yeah, see my we see what what is today.
ANN MENDENHALL: Is the 26 and so the Monday before would have been like the 17th.
Ken Olsen: OK. OK.
Ken Olsen: OK, so I checked myself and 17
Ken Olsen: Got out on like the 20th
Ken Olsen: And on the 20 that night I had a heart attack.
Ken Olsen: Here and when I got out on
Ken Olsen: The 23rd.
Ken Olsen: UC San Juan for my they put a stent in me.
Okay.
Ken Olsen: So it's been kind of a crazy two weeks to
ANN MENDENHALL: Me. It sounds like it.
Ken Olsen: Yeah. Well, I tried to quit drinking and what do I get a heart attack.
ANN MENDENHALL: Well, you know, so you don't get any more heart attacks, you know, staying sober is the absolute best thing you can do
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I've sobered up before it just, I was getting out of control. And I knew it. So that's why I turned myself and I couldn't stop. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: So are you under the care of a cardiologist. Now that you had to her.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I have to set up a meeting within two weeks.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Was it somebody a cardio Doc, you saw in the hospital.
Ken Olsen: Yes. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, that's the big cup good people there. I have a friend that works in the ER.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, they got really good. I got treated really good, good.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, there's some other hospitals around there.
ANN MENDENHALL: Like maybe dignity, health and Grass Valley that I don't recommend this highly
Ken Olsen: Yeah. Mercy San Juan go way, way back
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so you got your history established here. Okay. And do you have a primary care provider.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yes. Okay. And is that so you live. Do you live right in Sacramento or no Citrus Heights. Right.
Ken Olsen: Little Sister, sorry. Yes.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And that's where your primary care provider.
Ken Olsen: Yes, yes.
ANN MENDENHALL: What's her name.
Ken Olsen: My name is Helen
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
Ken Olsen: Okay, here I'm going to spell this out for you. Okay. VI n
Ken Olsen: O G RA di O VA.
ANN MENDENHALL: Was
ANN MENDENHALL: First Letter B isn't boy or V as in Victor
Ken Olsen: Little okay wanna glaze over. Got it.
Ken Olsen: Okay. Okay, great.
ANN MENDENHALL: And when was the last time that you saw her.
Ken Olsen: I saw her today i got i saw or the day after my I got a hospital on the 24th and the 20 oh
Ken Olsen: Monday. Yeah.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And so, um,
ANN MENDENHALL: Well, we'll get around to that in just a second. Good. I'm really glad you followed up so quickly with her.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so can you tell me what they gave you for detox methods was liberalism or advantage or
Ken Olsen: Will while I was in set while while I was inside the hospital. They were given me out of an
Ken Olsen: Okay. And, and then when I saw my
Ken Olsen: My, my, my primary on Monday. She gave me a little equilibrium for a while, couple, couple livery and settle down. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: How many does she gave you
Ken Olsen: See
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. Yeah, that's good. And how often are you taking them.
Ken Olsen: I take about three day
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, I would recommend. I work in a residential I do this, but my main job is actually through Reza drug and alcohol residential rehab facilities, one in
ANN MENDENHALL: Forest knows in Marin County and in Sonoma County and so I prescribed, you know, work with
ANN MENDENHALL: People who have alcohol use disorder there in a quite a bit. And it's really important to taper down on the Libyan so if I were you. If you only have 15
ANN MENDENHALL: I wouldn't use it three a day for five days and just stop. I would taper that down. So use three a day maybe switch down to two a day than one a day.
ANN MENDENHALL: Because it's addictive to and you can have some withdrawals from benzodiazepine you haven't taken that long. So I don't expect, you're going to have it, but it's just sort of you follow your doctor's recommendation, but from my experience in sort of a better way to do it.
Ken Olsen: She wasn't she wasn't crazy about the idea, but I can kind of bigger
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
Ken Olsen: Maybe that she had given me, you know,
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah. Well, and that's true. I mean, I, you know, certainly deal with that quite a bit, but she's probably not going to prescribe anymore. And I'm not going to prescribe any so I would recommend that you, you do a taper.
Ken Olsen: For your
ANN MENDENHALL: Own comfort.
ANN MENDENHALL: Your will pass the point why we usually prescribe liberalism or
ANN MENDENHALL: Out of n, which is lorazepam at the very beginning in the first like five, six days is to protect you from the seizure. Because when you go cold turkey. If you've been drinking, you know quite a bit. You're at really a high risk of
ANN MENDENHALL: Seizures so you're past that now.
Ken Olsen: Now it's more kind of comfort but
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, so anyway, just FYI recommend tapering it or other than
Ken Olsen: Well, I mean, my doctor told me last are doing nothing for two weeks. I'm just like sitting on my butt, you know,
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, that's
ANN MENDENHALL: That's probably kind of challenging
Ken Olsen: Well, I'm not complaining. But
Ken Olsen: Like you said, getting activity and, you know,
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, well, yeah, and I would check with them, you know, to, to find out when you can start going for, like, little short walks, even just, you know, in the block.
Ken Olsen: Like yeah yeah yeah I got my outtake information for me to, you know, five minutes here five minutes. They're walking, you know, good.
ANN MENDENHALL: And that's going to help you feel better and that's going to help kind of the whole picture.
Ken Olsen: When dog for a walk.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, good.
Ken Olsen: What kind of dog. Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, sure.
ANN MENDENHALL: That Russell. Oh, yeah. Oh, they're great.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, they need. They need to walk. I've got a little gold golden retriever puppy. That's four months old. It's kind of sleeping under my chair here so
ANN MENDENHALL: She's a lively one too. So
Ken Olsen: Martin stakes by my side all the time. It's, it's just my shadow
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, it's pretty nice to have that chatter, wouldn't it
Ken Olsen: Yes, it's cool. I like it.
ANN MENDENHALL: So just a little bit more about the alcohol. Can you tell me at what age you were when you started drinking
ANN MENDENHALL: More or less. It doesn't have to be, you know,
Ken Olsen: 1819
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And how much have you been drinking recently, like in the last month or two and per day.
Ken Olsen: Well, I was drinking beer and
Ken Olsen: And the like the last three weeks I switched to vodka. Okay, that's when I that's when I
Ken Olsen: That's when I knew it was getting out of control. That's why I turned myself in because I couldn't stop.
Ken Olsen: Yeah. So how much
ANN MENDENHALL: How much beer you drink and when you were drinking the beer. How much per day. How many cans and bottles.
Ken Olsen: You like to 40 hours.
Ken Olsen: A day yeah of like hard like the malt liquor.
Ken Olsen: The heavy the high dose. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Just gets to the point, real quick. Yeah, yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: And then how much vodka, were you drinking
Ken Olsen: One of the big bottles. I don't be a big bottle.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, well, there's the fifth, you know, which is kind of like the size of a wine bottle, more or less. And then there's a handle, which is double
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, great.
Ken Olsen: Smaller going to handle small small
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, that was a fifth, then it's your you're drinking that a day.
Ken Olsen: Oh yeah, okay.
Ken Olsen: Maybe more. Yeah. Plus couple beers here and there. Yeah, okay.
Ken Olsen: It was it was getting bad. Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah. Now I've had a lot of people who have come in, who've been drinking, you know, kind of at that level. And I'm really glad that you you got that the detox that you did because you would have been at a super high risk for
Ken Olsen: I mean, yeah, having a heart attack, you know,
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, well, that's your body, saying, Okay, I've had
ANN MENDENHALL: To change.
Ken Olsen: To come to Jesus moment.
Yeah, for sure.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so moving on with other questions here. What type of medical history. Do you have like you you had a heart attack. Do you have hypertension.
ANN MENDENHALL: Do you have COPD, asthma, diabetes, any other kind of chronic conditions that you're receiving treatment for
No.
Ken Olsen: Couple surgeries.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. And do you wear glasses or contacts.
Ken Olsen: No, but I should be I need glasses to read. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, well, we all do it.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: You have to 40 yeah
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, let's see some you just and
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay so surgery, what surgeries. Have you had
My gosh.
Ken Olsen: left shoulder left knee. Okay.
Ken Olsen: I got hit by a car, a long time ago. Okay.
Ken Olsen: I broke multiple, multiple they always put me in a body. Yes, so
Ken Olsen: Oh, wow.
ANN MENDENHALL: In a bad one.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, so, but
Ken Olsen: But that was a long time ago, but it caught up to me. They told me I feel it later on in my knee my shoulder. I broke my nose has had that reset recently. But yeah, I've had multiple broken bones and
ANN MENDENHALL: How long ago was that
Ken Olsen: The car when I hit by a car.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I was 13
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: They told me I'd pay for it later.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, kind of comes back to bite us, doesn't it.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, for sure.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay so family history. Are your parents still living.
Ken Olsen: My dad. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: It's your mother's passed away.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, she died from congestive heart failure. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: How old was she when she died, more or less.
Ken Olsen: Seven in the 70s, early 70s. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And your dad is alive.
ANN MENDENHALL: Does he have any current health concerns like coronary artery disease.
Ken Olsen: COPD is a
Ken Olsen: Major heart surgery.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
Ken Olsen: The crack them open, you know,
ANN MENDENHALL: So he had a heart attack.
Ken Olsen: Oh yeah, okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, right. And you have any siblings.
Yes. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And how many
Ken Olsen: two older brothers.
ANN MENDENHALL: And do you have
ANN MENDENHALL: Anybody either your parents, your grandparents, your siblings that have any substance use disorders.
Ken Olsen: runs in the family.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, alcohol or drugs, or both.
Ken Olsen: Both okay
Ken Olsen: Except my parents.
Ken Olsen: My parents. My parents were clean. Okay, everybody else's pretty much
Sorry.
Let me say this.
Have to go back to the family history.
I've got it down, though. I'm going to just, just a note down to myself.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And a few more questions here. Um, so do you smoke tobacco every day.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yes. Okay.
Ken Olsen: The artist.
Ken Olsen: Pardon will do the hard ones. Stop.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, yeah. And that's so important for your heart, you know, I'm not going to give you a big lecture on it. But, you know, consider, you know, doing whatever you can. I'm sure you're getting this from your cardiologist, and your friends.
Ken Olsen: Talk to my cardiologist yet, but I mean, it wouldn't be safer just debate me
ANN MENDENHALL: Not really.
ANN MENDENHALL: No, I mean you you put yourself at at really high risk for, you know, respiratory issues, especially when you've had a heart attack, it would definitely not be safer today.
ANN MENDENHALL: How much do you smoke a day.
Ken Olsen: At least a pack. Okay.
Ken Olsen: But yeah, I want to quit, but it is I'm having a hard time with it. You know, I have smokers in the house so
ANN MENDENHALL: No, that's really hard. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: So there's always cigarettes around
Ken Olsen: Well,
ANN MENDENHALL: Have you ever tried anything like the Nicorette gum or Los Angeles or anything.
Ken Olsen: No, but they gave me the patch.
Ken Olsen: Patches. Uh huh.
ANN MENDENHALL: When you're in the hospital. Yeah, if you put them on.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, but I took it off.
ANN MENDENHALL: Off when you want to just smoke.
ANN MENDENHALL: Those things usually work pretty well. So I would give it a shot.
Ken Olsen: Well, I figured, once I once I talked my cardiologist, and
Ken Olsen: And actually the one that smokes. I live with my dad and he wants to quit smoking, too. So we got we got we're like a carton of cigarettes, left, right.
ANN MENDENHALL: Uh huh.
Ken Olsen: So once those are gone. I think we're going to try to quit together.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, so
ANN MENDENHALL: Very good. You can always throw them away to
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: I mean it's, you know, in really I'm not here to give you a lecture on smoking.
ANN MENDENHALL: But I just
Ken Olsen: I know. I just know
ANN MENDENHALL: I worried because it is the highest risk for, you know, additional heart attacks and you know so many other things. So how about do you feel like you eat healthy meals or no.
Ken Olsen: Thank you Bob came quite a bit of weight, but I've lost 10 pounds and like a week but um but I used to be a health plan is to go to the gym, used to be in really good shape play sports tennis, all that good stuff. Uh huh.
Ken Olsen: I just quit for a while. Like I had knee surgery.
Ken Olsen: About a year ago.
Ken Olsen: Okay. And I just kind of like just let myself go, Okay, I just
ANN MENDENHALL: Well,
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, it's
ANN MENDENHALL: It's something that you can kind of work your way back to because it really
ANN MENDENHALL: It's tough. When you have surgery like that, but it's
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, really important for cardiovascular health. And it just makes you feel better, you know,
Ken Olsen: I used to go to the gym every day.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, so you know that feeling.
Ken Olsen: Yes, I do. And I was great and I was sober and and you know I
Ken Olsen: I screwed up again. Oh.
ANN MENDENHALL: Well,
Ken Olsen: Don't beat yourself up.
Ken Olsen: All you do is try again. Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: It's just try again but also tell yourself okay this is that, you know, I had a serious wake up call. And I'm going to do it this time.
Ken Olsen: Well, if I quit drinking. Let's start.
That's huge.
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, that's, you know, you were drinking
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, good quality there and you've quit. So, and it's like 10 days sober. I mean, you gotta celebrate every day.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Are you the other thing.
ANN MENDENHALL: Well, let me ask you a few other questions here. And then I'll get into that.
ANN MENDENHALL: Have you had any fever, night sweats, chills, fatigue, anything like that. Recently, like right now.
Ken Olsen: I know a couple restless nights. That's about it.
Okay.
Ken Olsen: Well, you want to hear what my heart talk what
Ken Olsen: What that felt like
Ken Olsen: He
ANN MENDENHALL: Probably not great.
Ken Olsen: Know, yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Have you had any vision changes, loss of vision, hearing changes, loss of hearing.
Ken Olsen: No, I have tinnitus.
Okay.
Ken Olsen: 60% of my hearing is gone. Okay. Yes.
Ken Olsen: Yeah. Too much loud music loud again.
Yeah yeah
A lot of us.
ANN MENDENHALL: How about respiratory things cough wheezing.
Ken Olsen: No. Okay.
Ken Olsen: Difficulty breathing. No, no, no. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And currently, are you having any chest pain, palpitations.
Ken Olsen: No. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: How about any GI problems like nausea, vomiting, diarrhea,
No.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And muscle pain back pain.
Ken Olsen: Oh, yes.
Ken Olsen: Back pain I burned my tailbone. That's another reason why I went to the hospital I Piper's, my tailbone. And when I was drinking. Oh no. It still hurts. Now, but it's getting better. Okay. It's been about a month.
Ken Olsen: Did you fall I got
Ken Olsen: dragged off at your hit the ball by feet, let's say,
Ken Olsen: Somebody grabbed me by the feet and I went around my ass out here. Yeah, so
ANN MENDENHALL: It's currently any headaches, dizziness, fainting blackouts.
Know,
Ken Olsen: Like I said, I've enjoyed took a libertarian today. You know, so
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, so that makes you a little bit worse.
Well, yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and
ANN MENDENHALL: So do you have any thoughts of suicide. Any plans any intentions.
Ken Olsen: I've had times where I didn't want to live. But I actually think about killing myself. But you know, I was like, I just like it's pointless.
Ken Olsen: But I know it's not now, but
ANN MENDENHALL: That you don't have it now.
Ken Olsen: But there was like I said there for about for a while there. I just didn't care anymore.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, you know, and I didn't notice in your
ANN MENDENHALL: Original assessment there that you it stated that you had to suicide attempts. And so I just wanted to sort of ask you about that.
Ken Olsen: I wouldn't really call it suicide attempts, but
Ken Olsen: It was more
Ken Olsen: I just hit rock bottom. Okay.
Ken Olsen: Meal, I guess if you want to call it that you could call it that.
ANN MENDENHALL: Did you do do anything to actively trying to harm yourself.
Ken Olsen: morrow. Not really, I think, you know, probably too much of something or okay much or something.
ANN MENDENHALL: Did you have an overdose of anything.
Ken Olsen: No.
ANN MENDENHALL: That's not something that you're considering right now.
Ken Olsen: No, actually I want to live now.
Ken Olsen: But you know I'm sobered up before I don't wanna
Ken Olsen: You know, I found religion and
Ken Olsen: Spirituality before
Ken Olsen: It really good thing. Some good shape. And like I said, I let myself go and this heart attack was an eye opener.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: It was a second chance. I guess you call it.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, I think so. You know, just use all the resources you have, you know,
Ken Olsen: That's what I'm doing.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, because that's, you know, it's that whole thing of takes a village. It's really kind of true. And you
Ken Olsen: Are to do it by yourself.
ANN MENDENHALL: It is, yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: And the other thing is just take it one day.
ANN MENDENHALL: At a time.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Don't beat yourself up, just go. Okay. Today's you know day 11 I can celebrate that. And as
Ken Olsen: much happier now than I was two weeks ago.
Ken Olsen: Oh, great. Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, it's just going to get better.
Ken Olsen: Before
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, you know, the OH.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Hopefully this time it sticks.
ANN MENDENHALL: It can stick you just make it stick
ANN MENDENHALL: So do you have any diagnosis of anxiety, depression, bipolar.
All
Ken Olsen: I take Seroquel
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, I
Ken Olsen: Only took it to sleep.
Ken Olsen: Okay, if I take Ambien I sleep box.
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, yeah, that's bad stuff.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, so I just somehow I got ya describe Seroquel and it helps them sleep. So I've been taking it over sense
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, any other psych meds in the antidepressants or exact anti anxiety, anything like that.
Ken Olsen: No, just Seroquel okay
ANN MENDENHALL: So let me actually go into your list of medications here.
Ken Olsen: Wow, okay.
Ken Olsen: So you want to know all my medications. I'm taking right now. Yep. Okay. Let me get the list along
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, that'd be helpful.
Ken Olsen: You know, I try to keep everything organized here.
Oh,
Ken Olsen: My god.
Ken Olsen: Okay, you want to you want me to list everything on taking
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, and give me a few minutes to kind of type it down so
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, what's the first one.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Ken Olsen: Aspirin. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And how are you taking the baby aspirin low dose or what what strength.
Ken Olsen: One milligram. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, in that once a day.
Ken Olsen: You are okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, next.
Door.
ANN MENDENHALL: 40 okay
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
Ken Olsen: Whoops. Hang on just a second.
ANN MENDENHALL: What's the dose of the Plavix
Ken Olsen: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Probably 75 or
ANN MENDENHALL: Next,
Listen.
Ken Olsen: Listen, bro bro
Ken Olsen: By Billy Graham. OK.
Ken Olsen: OK. OK.
Ken Olsen: nitroglycerin but I don't
ANN MENDENHALL: That's probably just as needed.
Ken Olsen: Was the case I get chest pain. Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, exactly.
ANN MENDENHALL: And are you taking. Do you have tablets sprays. Does it say what the doses of that.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, it could be 0.3
ANN MENDENHALL: tablets or 0.4 for work. Okay.
Ken Olsen: I got that right next to my bed.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, good. That's good place to have it.
ANN MENDENHALL: Next,
Ken Olsen: Metro pro
ANN MENDENHALL: Met Oprah law.
Ken Olsen: Hello. Yeah, okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And what's the dose on that.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Ken Olsen: Geez, and
Next,
Ken Olsen: LeBron 25 milligram
Ken Olsen: Okay, you just have a kind of a limited amount of that right. I only got yeah I like to. Yeah, I know. I'm almost out
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Um, anything else.
Ken Olsen: Yes, quite a bit. That's OK. OK.
Ken Olsen: folic acid.
One milligram
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
You have a patent.
Ken Olsen: And
ANN MENDENHALL: What does that 300 milligrams
Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: And
ANN MENDENHALL: How many of those do you take a day.
Ken Olsen: Up to three.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, yeah, it's pretty standard. Okay, next.
Ken Olsen: Okay, wait a minute, light, light again topical I didn't get that.
Ken Olsen: I don't take lightly King, nevermind. Okay. Skip that.
Okay.
Ken Olsen: Well multivitamin. One A Day essentials.
Ken Olsen: Seroquel
ANN MENDENHALL: And, oh yeah, good. I was gonna ask you and what's your dose of Seroquel
Ken Olsen: 300 milligrams
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay.
Ken Olsen: I started on 25 and up to 300
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, and you just take it at night.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yes. Okay, and climbing. I'm glad you're on that. That's really important.
Ken Olsen: See, see I had somebody set up all my pills for me.
Ken Olsen: Because I don't, I'm not really good at this stuff.
Ken Olsen: Sure. Hopefully you did it right, but I have a pill. One of these things.
You know,
Ken Olsen: He'll die little fire.
Ken Olsen: See said it for me. So I hope if you did it right. So,
ANN MENDENHALL: In the thigh mean are you taking 100 milligram tablets are
ANN MENDENHALL: Honored hundred okay yeah that's important. It's okay.
Ken Olsen: Yes. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, those are those are all pretty standard.
See
ANN MENDENHALL: Close that pretty standard given kind of what your, your history is there. So, there was nothing that was to new outstanding standing. How about any drug allergies.
Ken Olsen: No. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And now for vitals. This is
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, obviously I'm not there with you. So the I can't take your blood pressure, but what I am going to do is take your, your height, your weight and we'll get your heart rate to. So, how tall are you,
Ken Olsen: Follow
Okay.
Ken Olsen: I want to say six foot, but I can't.
ANN MENDENHALL: How much do you weigh
Ken Olsen: 146. I mean, I'm sorry to 46
ANN MENDENHALL: I was gonna say are you sure
Ken Olsen: Okay 650 pounds.
Ken Olsen: A
Ken Olsen: Year. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: And that could be from the alcohol.
Ken Olsen: And being lazy not doing it. Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Well, you know, I think when you get back to getting a little exercise, you know, in doing a heart healthy diet is really important. You always end up losing weight. With that, you know, really.
ANN MENDENHALL: And I'm sure your doctors talking to you about that. I'm not going to go into depth at that but you know I don't know if you eat a lot of meat that really cutting back and read
Ken Olsen: I used to not anymore.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, okay, good.
Ken Olsen: It's been been to innovation, a little bit lately. Oh, okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, any kind of fish is really good, you know, in chicken is ok to yes
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I had chicken. The other day. Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, lots of veggies and fruits and, you know, cutting back on the fats, but
ANN MENDENHALL: Not all of them and eating them.
Ken Olsen: And I like vegetables and fruit. So I'm lucky.
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, good, good.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so I'm going to have you put your, your fingers on your neck so you can feel your carotid pulse have. Have you done this, you probably do that and like workout classes or at the gym, maybe
Ken Olsen: No, I've never done that before.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so look at me and I'm putting my finger right here. Yes, I've got and I can feel a pulse. So see if you can find your pulse. You might have to move your hand around a little bit.
ANN MENDENHALL: It's probably down. Yeah, it should be somewhere around there.
ANN MENDENHALL: Maybe pushing a little bad
Ken Olsen: Boy.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I think, a little bit.
ANN MENDENHALL: Enough that you could count it. Do you think
ANN MENDENHALL: Maybe push a little more, a little harder. Because usually if you push harder. It kind of, it's either that or you could try to get your pulse in your wrist. Usually that's a little harder. Fine, but not for everybody.
Ken Olsen: I could fill up my wrist.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, perfect. Well, let's do that. And so what I'm going to have you do is, you know, keep your fingers, not your thumb, because there's a pulse in your thumb.
ANN MENDENHALL: But keep your, your fingers on your pulse in your wrist and I'm going to go 321 start. And when I say start you start counting the number of beats that you're feeling. And when I say stop. You can tell me the number
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay okay okay here we go 321 start
Stop. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: How many
Ken Olsen: Six or seven. Okay.
Good.
Ken Olsen: The funny thing is, though, Mike my cholesterol was okay. They said it wasn't, you know,
Ken Olsen: The one of the RN said it must have been like a hereditary thing could be too but
Ken Olsen: I don't, nevermind. Nevermind. I'm sorry. Go ahead.
ANN MENDENHALL: Well, no, that's, that's okay i mean it's it's tough when you've got
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, you can do a lot to reduce your cholesterol. If both your parents have high cholesterol, high triglycerides, it's, it's definitely harder, but you know you're on the Lipitor. So that's going to help with the cholesterol right there, that in dietary changes.
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. And so right now because you're already detox. I will say the majority of people that that I work with here at bright heart.
ANN MENDENHALL: Are in for opiate use disorder. And so they're on Suboxone, you know, which is, but you've already gone through your detox. And so there's really an in your associated with your primary care and you'll be seeing a cardiologist. So there's really no meds that
ANN MENDENHALL: I will send right now because I want you to get whatever you need. Since you just had the heart attack from your cardiologist and or your primary care.
ANN MENDENHALL: But
ANN MENDENHALL: In normally we have we have groups, you know, that will, that's when we prescribe our are
ANN MENDENHALL: Like Suboxone medicine which you know you won't be getting
ANN MENDENHALL: So, but I would like to have you follow up. We like to have people have a therapy appointment, like a initial intake. And I think that would be really helpful.
ANN MENDENHALL: That's going to be the best thing for you right now to be able to sort of meet with someone who's got some really good therapist and it just kind of
ANN MENDENHALL: They can help you kind of figure out what's going on. And you know kind of what triggered relapse and what you can do to
ANN MENDENHALL: Make some changes and you know they're they're very supportive and positive, the way they go about it. So when you get off this this call, I'd like you to call back, you know, to the virtual clinic and say that I told you to make an appointment for your
ANN MENDENHALL: Therapy intake and and and then the other thing that I don't know if you have you ever spent much time going to a meetings or
ANN MENDENHALL: Yes. Okay. Are you currently going
Ken Olsen: On at the moment, I'm just been kind of like hanging out the house just relaxing.
Ken Olsen: Okay, but
Ken Olsen: I've been to a lot of meetings. Yes.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, do you have a sponsor.
Ken Olsen: I know it's a moment, but I can get one.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, you know, I would
ANN MENDENHALL: highly advise that but my son who's
ANN MENDENHALL: 34 now it's been sober for about seven and a half years now alcohol. And I think what really did it for him as he started when he decided to quit drinking. He did that 90 days 90 meetings in 90 days.
ANN MENDENHALL: And so he went every day and he found a sponsor who he still has the same guy. Wonderful guy like my son lives in San Francisco.
ANN MENDENHALL: And to me that's really the key going to the meetings frequently, but also having a sponsor. So, you know, because, you know, who knows what's going to happen down the road.
ANN MENDENHALL: I mean cravings cop up. But if you have somebody, you can call and say oh my god you know I'm having these cravings. Can you help me.
ANN MENDENHALL: You know it's it's really, really, really helpful. And sometimes it takes, you know, I think you could look at it like, Well, you know, go to a meeting. That's convenient one that you know you maybe felt comfortable in and see
ANN MENDENHALL: If there's anybody there like one of the speakers or somebody who's you know clearly been sober for a while that you
ANN MENDENHALL: Feel like you can connect with
Ken Olsen: People
ANN MENDENHALL: Oh, good, good, you know, and also tell yourself, it's like, Okay, I'm going to ask them if there'll be my sponsor you know sort of temporarily and then that way you don't feel like you're locked into that person you can sort of give it a try. For three months or so. And if you feel like it's
Ken Olsen: Never had a sponsor before, but I'm I think I'm gonna try it this time. Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah yeah i think i think it would be hugely helpful. So I mean that and going to the meetings because
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, it's sort of like you don't want to do this in a vacuum. You don't want to do this by yourself.
ANN MENDENHALL: And being able to go to those meetings and sponsor and then coming to us for some therapy sessions. That's what's going to help maintain this because you know this is kind of life and death for you after having a heart attack. It's like pretty
ANN MENDENHALL: a wake up call.
ANN MENDENHALL: So we'd like to do whatever we can to help support you.
Ken Olsen: I appreciate it. Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, so why don't you
ANN MENDENHALL: Do you have any other questions for me. I can we kind of went through everything. I think
Um,
Ken Olsen: No, no, I think we're, we're good. Okay.
And
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, because you don't have any current kind of going back to the suicide thing they want us to really kind of
ANN MENDENHALL: Look at that. If you have any ideation meaning like you're thinking about it even not necessarily even have a plan yet, but you're thinking about it. Would you promise me that you call either here to talk to a therapist or, you know, the ER or talk to somebody a crisis line or something.
Ken Olsen: What, what's another by Okay what's the number I call
ANN MENDENHALL: Well, you can call here, but actually I think let's, let's, let me just look for a crisis line in in your area.
Ken Olsen: You know, I don't think I need it.
Ken Olsen: I don't think
Ken Olsen: You know, I don't have any. I don't think I'm gonna get a need that.
Ken Olsen: Okay, well, how many are kind of want to live now.
ANN MENDENHALL: Well that's, that's the most important thing
Ken Olsen: Smoking is this, you know, smoking, kind of like slow suicide, I guess. But yeah, that's gonna be hard, but I'm gonna try eventually
Ken Olsen: But I don't think I need any any suicide hotline number think I'm okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, because I can give you
ANN MENDENHALL: crisis hotline intervention.
Ken Olsen: So you just one in. Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: You could just, you know,
Ken Olsen: Already done
ANN MENDENHALL: Write it down. Yeah. And you can use it if if you feel like you need it.
ANN MENDENHALL: What's your zip code there 95621
ANN MENDENHALL: Here, here's a number. It's an 800 number
ANN MENDENHALL: 800-273-8255
Ken Olsen: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: So just so you have that, you know, I think it sounds to me like you're doing really well, and you've got, you know, all the right intentions you doing all the right things, but I just want to make sure you're safe.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, just the smoking thing bothers me. I'm just, you know,
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I went to all this and and cigarettes going to take me out. It's like shit.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, well, you know, you might give you know, talk to your primary care. I know just you were just there Monday. But usually you can call and talk to the nurse, even though
ANN MENDENHALL: It may be, you know, I don't know if you have a way you can like email or text your doctor. But if you call and talk to the nurse and and see what if you want to try
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, the, the calm or the loss inches or you need more patches.
ANN MENDENHALL: There's other things, there's, you know, also medication, you can take, but I usually recommend starting those sort of easier ones first and see if that works. And if they don't you know look at something like will be a Turner Chantix
Ken Olsen: Okay, okay. Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah, because I think you're going to feel you're going to feel a lot better in general.
ANN MENDENHALL: You're going to be a lot safer and you're just going to feel better about yourself. You know when you kind of get going. And it's not easy. I get that. I know a lot of people feel it's easier to quit heroin than it is to quit cigarettes.
ANN MENDENHALL: You know, but you can do it. It's just, you know, probably going to need some help.
Ken Olsen: Yeah and there's probably some
ANN MENDENHALL: Smoking groups, if that's something you would consider
ANN MENDENHALL: And I'm guessing.
Ken Olsen: You know the law group for everything.
ANN MENDENHALL: There's a group for everything.
You got it.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay Can well unless you have any other questions for me. I would just call up the
ANN MENDENHALL: Same number you call it to get in here and and ask for an appointment for your therapy intake.
Ken Olsen: Okay, so yeah. Somebody set this all up for me.
ANN MENDENHALL: Uh huh. Oh.
Ken Olsen: What would be the number I call
Um,
Ken Olsen: Let's show up. I mean, I, you know, I'm not really phone savvy, you know,
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay. All right.
ANN MENDENHALL: Let you know
ANN MENDENHALL: I shouldn't do that. But let me figure it out.
Ken Olsen: I'm probably I'm probably pretty sure it's there by punching number here or there, but I don't know. Yeah, see,
ANN MENDENHALL: What I could do. I could have have them call you.
ANN MENDENHALL: Better
Sure.
ANN MENDENHALL: Okay, let's see which here's maybe if
ANN MENDENHALL: Or number here. I'll give
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: It's also an 800 number. It's 800-892-2695
ANN MENDENHALL: And and then just tell it, and I will also ask them to call you just in case you know you have any problem.
Ken Olsen: With this, and what is this Amy, what is this again.
Ken Olsen: Okay, this is
ANN MENDENHALL: Great hard this this company, you know that that we're with is called bright heart health.
ANN MENDENHALL: And so remember when you originally did your intake and when you just checked in before our appointment here. Yeah, to call a number, you know, to sort of check in with the person and then they give you the same thing.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah.
ANN MENDENHALL: Hey, call it the virtual clinic.
Ken Olsen: Yes. Okay. Okay.
Okay.
ANN MENDENHALL: Yeah. Okay. Any other questions.
ANN MENDENHALL: No. Okay. Well, it's very nice meeting you can, and I wish you the best and
ANN MENDENHALL: Take good care.
ANN MENDENHALL: You too. Okay, bye.
Ken Olsen: Bye bye.
Ken Olsen: Okay, good. And you probably kind of similar to
Ken Olsen: The whiteboard clips off the top your social media app which allows us and stuff won't be short videos that most are usually silly.
Ken Olsen: And something gets more every sharing dance moves with their kids to learn something cool race Windows Vista not super funny.
Ken Olsen: But this it will probable scope worker, as you mentioned, is anything but funny we online trying to encourage those three people to line up.
Ken Olsen: And perform a jump in unison, but the skull breaker challenge is really a dangerous prime for the person in the middle school.
Ken Olsen: And they get their wedding swept out by the people on either side of them, making them back and get it.
Ken Olsen: Get their head. The move is so dangerous. In fact, the medical experts are warning teams to resist the urge to try it as the number of injuries from us continues to grow.
Ken Olsen: So kids houses day worse and worse head injuries and stitches, the parents have one engine school break or effective in New Jersey are speaking out about their sons injuries and same thing
Happening to anyone else.
Ken Olsen: Down non responsive and they had called the ambulance, a crime that the kids are doing that they had seen on
Ken Olsen: funny jokes to pull that they can put it to the hospital and could potentially kill someone.
Ken Olsen: And even Tick tock released a statement of plants and trees and the behavior. A question is a violation of our guidelines and we will continue to
Ken Olsen: This content from our platform. We encourage everyone to exercise caution.
Ken Olsen: whether online or off, of course, some of those videos are still out there. Someone wasn't agencies are also morning parents
Ken Olsen: And encouraging them to take action. Same with your kids get home from school today share the list of this dangerous, right, so the kids are aware, they may be fight and to make sure they are the ones
Ken Olsen: On anyone else there's
One.
Ken Olsen: Or equal. Thank you very much. Thank you so very much for watching out over time today and we're watching the Dow is having a
Ken Olsen: COUPLE OF HOURS reading President talk about our nation's will be prepared for
Watching
Ken Olsen: just moments ago officials good for me. They are monitoring dozens of people for possible exposure to the coronavirus just outside of New York City.
Ken Olsen: According to the Fox Business Network. The moment of that announcement is when the doubt plunge into the bread.
Ken Olsen: According to officials in Nassau County, New York at three people are right now being monitored for possible exposure.
Ken Olsen: To the deadly virus. We're working to BREAKING DETAILS. And we'll bring you more as we get it. Meantime, President Trump said to speak just hours from now after health officials born. It's a matter of when an outbreak would occur here in the US.
Ken Olsen: And for the first time, the number of new cases reported outside of China has topped a place where it all started. Hello everyone. A lot of data every now and this is the Democratic
Ken Olsen: President said until we joined later today by representatives from the CDC and others, the White House looking at home fears over the virus as the number of cases around the world continues to increase.
Ken Olsen: But also, they're looking to figure out that mixed signals coming from the administration resident yesterday saying things are under control here in the States.
Ken Olsen: Shortly after that will help the visuals that American should get ready for the virus just spreading communities across the country. But today, you know, why doesn't this everyone's on the same page. And the President stands for says they're ready.
Ken Olsen: There's the danger that this will turn into a true pandemic. And if it does, we will have to deal with it. All things are under control. Now we need to be prepared.
Ken Olsen: for that eventuality that we will have cases here that may turn into community spread. We have a pandemic preparedness plan. We need to dust it off and get ready to implement
Ken Olsen: The latest numbers more than 20 780 1000 infected. As you can see, the virus is spreading. And as I mentioned, we're now seeing more new patients starting places.
Ken Olsen: Other than China complete coverage this hour, but let's begin with Jonathan staring IS LIVE IN ATLANTA on the CDC, Jonathan. What's your latest
Ken Olsen: Data well built Airlines has announced that it is reducing flights between the US and South Korea up through April that country reporting 1000 coronavirus cases, including an American soldier stationed at Camp Carroll
Ken Olsen: He is the first active duty service member to test positive for the virus. And it's important to getting himself and his residents off base.
Ken Olsen: We are doing a very thorough trace history of the service member. We're going to know everywhere the service member and his family have been over the last week.
Ken Olsen: Italy continues to play settings with coronavirus cases on blood. They have this morning that country reported a total of
Ken Olsen: 374 cases in 12 that's happened dozen other European countries have reported coping 19 infections involving people who had recently visited Italy. The outbreak has already had an impact on where international athletes can practice and where they can try.
Ken Olsen: Out great with either delay or outright cancel the Summer Olympic Games in Tokyo scheduled for July. But today, Japanese officials announced that the
Ken Olsen: Olympic committee and local organizers to move forward with the gauge as plan. So that's why those athletes. But what our communities, which are prepared.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, some movies are already taking action San Francisco has declared a state of emergency. There are no confirmed cases yet in that city. But what will help official save the city is it elevated large all
Ken Olsen: People
Ken Olsen: May have been working especially closely with the Chinese community here, which is the most impacted by him said is affecting friends and families overseas and cozy worry and by the stigma and discrimination, they are experienced
Ken Olsen: Team here also in California, the Orange County Board of Supervisors voted unanimously to Jordan, the city of Mesa in a federal lawsuit to block the transfer of infected diamond.
Ken Olsen: That's crucial evacuees to escape own building in that city a restraining order has put the federal government's plan on hold, at least until Monday when i hearing before that federal judges get data.
Ken Olsen: In Atlanta. Thank you so much.
Ken Olsen: It was a dancer down about 126.2 hours ago. It was a bounce back. But when it was announced in the last few minutes that 83 people and also Academy
Ken Olsen: Are being looked at for the possible coronavirus they
Ken Olsen: Are in fellows are telling us that this is the reason that the job took another downturn, so we will continue to look at that for hormonal this let's go to dr Jeanette nashwan
Ken Olsen: Medical Director at City and D and Bremmer also is here with us. He is the president of the region and G zero media.
Ken Olsen: So you're in charge of all those are all the city in Beijing, what are you see when people come in. So most of the people that come in are having symptoms are testing on the phones as being you know cases for coronavirus that they actually test it out of the lives of people coming in.
Ken Olsen: And we follow
Ken Olsen: The guidelines for example, someone comes in with concerned, maybe from another country, Italy, South Korea, we immediately put them in a vast isolate them in a back room.
Ken Olsen: And then before I go in on me, you know, in my protective of personal equipment gowns mask gloves. We take a history and then we notify the Department of Health to take
Ken Olsen: Some folks from Italy that came in yesterday. Yes. But no, they did not be able to carry out there was no chest pain, shortness of breath, fever, respiratory distress and have been, are those the symptoms they did your experience.
Ken Olsen: Wednesday, you should treat your. Yes. Call your doctor called emergency room. But the main thing is FEVER. COUGH respiratory distress. Distress shortness of breath. Those are listening and yeah
Ken Olsen: We can easily test for the for the flu.
Ken Olsen: This is a, this is a generals and son.
Ken Olsen: John okay promo I just, I'm doing okay.
Ken Olsen: Just give you a call I
Ken Olsen: Understand your day and all that and you know we maybe be a sponsor some
Ken Olsen: Okay, I'm just totally, you know, I talked to my dad. He said, We'll give her a call, you know,
Ken Olsen: The yeah the book. Yes.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, okay.
Ken Olsen: Yes, I've heard of that.
Ken Olsen: Right.
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah
Ken Olsen: And then there's always somebody there.
Ken Olsen: Johnny
Ken Olsen: That I go to
Ken Olsen: A Caribbean
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Ken Olsen: Caribbean sunrise at seven o'clock and what's, what's the name of the place. What, what, what's the address.
Ken Olsen: Seventh Day Adventist Church.
Ken Olsen: Okay, okay. And you, you go on. You go on seven o'clock on on what days.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Ken Olsen: Well, I just had a heart attack. So it's kind of an eye opener.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, yeah, for sure. Yes.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, no.
No.
Ken Olsen: Okay, there's a lot of
Ken Olsen: Work.
34 years ago.
Ken Olsen: Lot of its history. Isn't it like that, how it evolved in history and
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah
Ken Olsen: Okay.
You're
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah I've sobered up before and
Ken Olsen: You know, I know what it's like. I mean, I've found spirituality and and you know
Ken Olsen: And stuff like that and gotten healthy and but I just I just fell off the wagon for about two years pretty bad. So
Ken Olsen: So I'm just reaching out
Ken Olsen: The most important thing
Ken Olsen: On your mind, in your body. And I know costumer for
Ken Olsen: Every store. Good night.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Is this
Ken Olsen: You're
Right back of the brain.
Ken Olsen: Well, I just want I just
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I just wanted to give you a call and let you know i'm a i'm trying and I'm doing everything I can. I want, I want to live. I want to live and, you know, so this
Ken Olsen: There all day.
Ken Olsen: Need to verify and you need to remember here.
Ken Olsen: Is
That I go to
Ken Olsen: Iraq beating
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Ken Olsen: Sure well
Ken Olsen: I really appreciate it.
Ken Olsen: Okay, you take care
Ken Olsen: About it.
Ken Olsen: Hi, thanks for returning our call if you would like to opt out of receiving any more calls from us in the future, please press one. Otherwise, please remain on the line.
Ken Olsen: With your telephone keypad to answer a couple of questions all interests are recorded for quality and training purposes.
Ken Olsen: Forward you're opting in to receive calls
Ken Olsen: Please press one. If you're under the age of 65 or press two is over the agency.
See
Goes back to her.
The
Hair
Color
That
Hi.
Everybody
Over
Here.
Not
Useless.
Yeah.
You
Perfect.
Peace.
Checks
Selected
As
Sushi.
Ken Olsen: Thank you guys.
Hey,
Your
Dinner.
didn't care for it.
Ken Olsen: Term, he said he's going to bed.
No, I just remember
Ken Olsen: And I'm totally
Ken Olsen: I just remember feeling
Was there. And she said,
Recruiting
So can
You please
I said,
Ken Olsen: I can't sleep.
Yeah. She's crazy.
Sure.
She got
More
Must take people seriously.
Ken Olsen: You trust.
A person.
That's
My first
Ken Olsen: This is extremely
Witnesses.
Evening.
What's up,
Extremely
Influence
And shake different
Ken Olsen: This was knocks
And with that said,
I know
True.
Ken Olsen: Pictures.
Ken Olsen: With people whose
Ken Olsen: Home change.
Something
Oh,
My gosh.
Ken Olsen: It's super easy, super
Session.
When you're looking at
Ken Olsen: Just the right person.
Okay, there's no
Ken Olsen: Still sense for sure.
Ken Olsen: You post your job.
I received
A
Ken Olsen: Question about
Ken Olsen: What she said insurance.
Ken Olsen: The insurance.
Arrested for this and I go to jail for the rest of the money.
Ken Olsen: Life Insurance dance to work that way. It's entirely possible that Sierra does
Ken Olsen: Evening.
Was interesting
All the way back.
Yeah.
You find a family.
Ken Olsen: In a situation like this.
Ken Olsen: So this
Ken Olsen: Is something
Ken Olsen: And so people that she will try to put her mother in prison or something. Her mother didn't do
Well, I don't know.
Ken Olsen: Jackie and serious relationship. It was
Ken Olsen: A mutual friend whose name is Barbara
Ken Olsen: Coming.
Ken Olsen: Your way.
Ken Olsen: Jackie.
Ken Olsen: Jackie, the worst Edward Mary, Charlie.
So girls.
Girls.
Darkness.
Ken Olsen: She just didn't understand why we're innovative project and her mother.
Ken Olsen: Is
Basically
Ken Olsen: Think that's why there's been a little bit of a troublemaker. What do you mean, you know, psychology,
Ken Olsen: child's mind just always around complex
Ken Olsen: You know, foster parents in Charlie.
Ken Olsen: Charlie.
Yeah, he had a girlfriend.
Ken Olsen: Jackie was devastated. So Jackie.
Love of
Ken Olsen: Music
Ken Olsen: Thing that's so nice and
Ken Olsen: Joe
Ken Olsen: Secret
Ken Olsen: Sequel, it comes to music sitting on orders and kind of insurance.
Ken Olsen: Murray, said the word they're
Ken Olsen: Still Steve G.
Ken Olsen: Seriously.
Ken Olsen: If you
Ken Olsen: Got a visual
Ken Olsen: The strong force lectures will get ahead.
Hours of lasting energy
Initial
Reaction.
We have elevated
Center.
Because it helps to provide as much
Breathing.
Room because
This
Is what
You
Asked
About
Ken Olsen: I'll take your socks off.
Ken Olsen: Easily.
8%
Difference.
Air
Yeah.
Excellent.
Sort of
Ken Olsen: checking in on
These
Sure.
Ken Olsen: She said,
Shut up.
Ken Olsen: Snow insulin. I can visually see he's in
Ken Olsen: His head and watch
Important
Insurance.
Everyone
Keep slipping.
On the restaurant.
Ken Olsen: You call me.
Ken Olsen: Okay, yeah, I had a missed call
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: They didn't give me anything.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, as kind of a, it's a, it's not a rally. It's not a Benz. And it's not a benzo. It's just a I bruise my tailbone.
Ken Olsen: Or hurt my tell. Yeah. So, but there were giving me Norco in the hospital. But when when I when I got out, they just put me on gamma patent. I'm still I'm still a little sore. But I'm getting better, but yeah.
Ken Olsen: And and and and and they did give me liberty them. But, you know, for like two or three days supply and I got like a day left of that.
Ken Olsen: So I'm going to taper off of that, and then
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: I'm just, I'm doing everything I can you know I'm just
Ken Olsen: I'm trying to do whatever I can. I'm reaching out to every, every resource I can you know
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah
Ken Olsen: Yeah, started doing that.
Ken Olsen: Right now I don't have a car that's one of the biggest issues I have right now my my car, my
Ken Olsen: Yeah, my, my car broke down and I had to get rid of it. So, but right now.
Ken Olsen: Okay, okay, but
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I'm sure I'm sure my dad. My dad will help me out. I'm when I had, I just had knee surgery to and I'm, what I'm like I'm working on waiting on workmen's comp claim.
Ken Olsen: I got a lawyer and all that stuff. So I'm waiting to get some money out of that get another car. So everything just has been has been kind of kind of a, kind of, you know,
Ken Olsen: Been a little rough lately.
Ken Olsen: But it really. Yeah. Thanks. Good. Things are getting back on track. I'm all good. You know, I'm just
Ken Olsen: I'm ready to get going.
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah
Ken Olsen: Okay, I got it, I got it written down here, right in front of me.
Ken Olsen: Okay. Okay, that sounds
Ken Olsen: Okay, that sounds great. Either way, it'll, it'll all be there.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I know, I know where the club.
Ken Olsen: Or something like that what it's called. I've been there before.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: There you go. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I've been there.
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah yeah
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah that's that's before but that back. Back then it was court ordered
Ken Olsen: So yeah, that's, that's when it was court order. I got a DUI, but I got all that I got all that that that was 10 years ago you know but but now I'm
Ken Olsen: You know, I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna start doing it. I'm gonna I'm gonna forget no programming, you know, getting all the help I can get, and
Ken Olsen: You know,
Ken Olsen: Practice. Yeah.
The way you're supposed to
Ken Olsen: Prescription yeah
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: No, I don't. I don't smoke. I don't smoke smoke cigarettes is the hardest thing for me to be quitting smoking cigarettes. That's gonna be
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
Ken Olsen: You know, you know I bumped into somebody a friend of yours.
Ken Olsen: When I was working maintenance. He was delivering a maintenance supplies and he said he worked with you for a long time.
Ken Olsen: But I can't remember his name, but he said he worked with you for
Ken Olsen: Maintenance supplies like support apartments.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, yeah. He said he knew he was a good buddies with you.
Ken Olsen: But I can't remember his name I can't remember his name. So
Ken Olsen: But anyway.
Ken Olsen: Yes.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I got it. I gotta set up. I got it, I got it set up an appointment within two weeks to go see him again and then they're gonna
Ken Olsen: Oh, they know they know
Ken Olsen: They know very well.
Ken Olsen: Oh, that's a little more severe. But both of them are for me. Gretchen treatments.
Ken Olsen: To be extra careful and watch your diet. Sure. No, no, no.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, yeah. I never i mean i mean i had my
Ken Olsen: I had my run with the with the math pills, long time ago. So that's all I'm all done. You know, I'm done with all that shit so
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: No, no, I just, I didn't even hear the damn phone ring look down and see a missed call
Ken Olsen: No.
Ken Olsen: Really appreciate her
Interest.
Is a very
Important
Piece
Stephen
Thank you.
Ken Olsen: The next Monday.
Ken Olsen: She
She
She loved her.
Stephen
Saturday from around
Back.
Ken Olsen: To the border.
Ken Olsen: And so
When
Ken Olsen: She gets upset.
That's
Ken Olsen: Where it said that she was little people miss
Ken Olsen: They get into
And that's the story.
comebacks
still missing.
Isn't
It.
Around the
Next picture.
CCTV
Investigators
And take it back to the section.
Okay.
Thank you.
Before
We
Ken Olsen: The taste.
Is it just for kids.
Better than
That he
Was the
Ken Olsen: First
Our
Extension.
Resources.
It's taken Dr.
G's.
Maybe
Better
There's
We should
Ken Olsen: Was
Ken Olsen: Very
Very
Take advantage of
Ken Olsen: Like eat and watch
Seconds.
Yes.
Sir,
After
This
Why
Ken Olsen: She was actually this many
Ways.
We're trying to be this is
Ken Olsen: This
Situation.
Spirit.
Really
Ken Olsen: Anything.
Ken Olsen: It's a search
He said that he had
Ken Olsen: That he was able to hear. I'm coming from.
Ken Olsen: Robert
Robert
Emily.
Ken Olsen: Robert
Ken Olsen: She got in this life.
Ken Olsen: And this is a breakthrough investigation.
Ken Olsen: Me to Maverick. I was cure.
Then
Absolutely.
String
Seeds.
We can
Be
Green.
Screen.
This
TV.
Soon.
People
You
Evening.
That's right. The tax free.
Free free free
Testing big
Checks
Test.
The brakes must be struggling
Test Drive.
This pizza.
It's
The signature.
Threat
Number.
One.
Very
Believable
Status.
Amen.
Yes.
Much
Better
With it.
Ken Olsen: Me.